RAG Mode - 

which team is currently at the top of the IPL table ?
which team is currently at the bottom of the IPL table ?
what is the age of Arjun Patel ?
provide only top 5 skills available in my resume ?

Web Search mode - 
which team is currently at the top of table in IPL 2026 ?

Visualization agent - 
Please create a bar plot for the given dataset with Category on the X-axis and average Sales on the Y-axis.
Please create a line chart with Date on the X-axis and Sales on the Y-axis.
Please create a visualization to show which Region performs best in terms of average Profit.
Please create a grouped bar chart showing average Sales by Category, split by Region.




Demo Showcase Questions (All are tested)
----------------------------------

Test questions for Demo - 


Westpac Mortgage Lending Guide.pdf - 
1. Who is responsible for the conduct of persons in the Head Group? 
2. What must Mortgage Advisers provide to applicants regarding products? give the results in bullet points.
3. After how long does trail commission start for a full loan application?
4. What is the maximum income limit for a single borrower under First Home Loan? 
5. Please provide bullet points about the required documentations for First Home Loan
6. What interest rate applies to a Personal Temporary Overdraft? 

Loan dataset.csv-
visualization questions 
1. Create a bar chart with Education on the X-axis and average Loan_Amount_Requested on the Y-axis.
2. Create a bar chart showing count of Loan_Approval_Status.
3. Create a pie chart showing distribution of Loan_Type.

Data analysis questions 
1. Which Employment_Status group has the highest average Annual_Income?
2. What is the average Interest_Rate for each Loan_Type?
3. Does Credit_Score influence Default_Risk?
4.  Do applicants with Co-Applicant have higher Loan_Approval_Status rates?


Mortgage Consumer Complaints.csv
visualization questions
1. Plot a line chart showing monthly complaint trends
2. Create a stacked bar chart showing complaints by State and Issue.
3. Create a bar chart for top 10 Companies by complaint count.
4. Generate a heatmap of complaints across State and Issue. (some valus are empty as maybe due to missing values so you can skip it or maybe show it as an example)

Data analysis questions
1. Which states have unusually high complaints relative to others?
2. How many complaints are there per Company?
3. Which Issue category has the highest complaint count?